[IMP] payment_xendit: tokenization (#9394)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/payment_providers/xendit.rst

#. In the :guilabel:`Webhook URL` section, enter your Odoo database's URL, followed by
   `/payment/xendit/webhook` (e.g., `https://example.odoo.com/payment/xendit/webhook`) in the field
   :guilabel:`Invoices paid` and click the :guilabel:`Test and save` button next to it.

> #. Afterwards, go to `Credit Card Configuration <https://dashboard.xendit.co/settings/payment-methods/cards-configuration>`_
>    page and ensure that :guilabel:`Optional 3DS` is enabled while :guilabel:`Dynamic 3DS` is disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Navigate to the `Card Settings page <https://dashboard.xendit.co/settings/payment-methods/cards-configuration>`_
   and ensure that :guilabel:`Optional 3DS` is enabled while :guilabel:`Dynamic 3DS` is disabled.
```
